python virtual environment in Motor-CAD (#317)
ansys/pymotorcad: doc/source/user_guide/virtual_env_motorcad.rst

.. _ref_virtual_env_motorcad:

> Using Python Virtual Environment in Motor-CAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a Python virtual environment in Motor-CAD
```
Use sentence case headings. Only capitalize proper nouns.

===============================

> User have a flexibility to use python virtual environment with Motor-CAD. By default Motor-CAD uses python 
> comes with Motor-CAD installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a Python virtual environment with Motor-CAD. By default, Motor-CAD uses the Python 
version that comes with the Motor-CAD installation. 
```

.. figure:: ../images/defaults_python_path.PNG
    :width: 500pt

> Creating a new local Python virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a local Python virtual environment
```
Use simple verbs (with -ing ending) and no need for "new" as you cannot create an old one.

*******************************

> If python is already installed we can check the python version by following command in a terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Python is already installed, you can check the version by running this command in a terminal:
```
Use "you" instead of "we"

(windows terminal or any terminal integrated with IDE such as VSCODE or PyCharm)

.. code-block:: console

    python --version

> Based on the above python version, a virtual environment can be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the Python version, you create a virtual environment:
```

.. code-block:: console

    python -m venv virtual_environment_folder_location

> Activate the newly created virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the newly created virtual environment
```
```suggestion
Activate the newly created virtual environment:
```

.. code-block:: console

>      .\virtual_environment_folder_location\Scripts\activate.ps1

Reviewer 2: This command is correct if the user is using powershell. If using the old 'cmd.exe' command line, then it's .\virtual_environment_folder_location\Scripts\activate.bat

Reviewer: > This command is correct if the user is using powershell. If using the old 'cmd.exe' command line, then it's .\virtual_environment_folder_location\Scripts\activate.bat It's probably best to show both.

Agreed. You can use tabs to do this. Plenty of examples are available in the developer's guide.

> Based on terminal specification, the virtual environment name may highlight here. Install all needed
> packages such as  :code:`ansys.motorcad.core` ,  :code:`bezier`  via pip etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the terminal specification, the virtual environment name might be highlighted.
Use ``pip`` to install all needed packages, such as :code:`ansys.motorcad.core` and :code:`bezier`. 
```
The use of "may" is reserved for granting permission (usually legal). Use might or can.

.. code-block:: console

     pip install ansys.motorcad.core bezier numpy

> In terminal window the above commands may look like as shown below 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the terminal window, the preceding commands might look like this: 
```

.. figure:: ../images/python_venv_summary.PNG
    :width: 500pt

> Change Python Exe file location in Motor-CAD UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the Python EXE file location in the Motor-CAD UI
```
You'll need to adjust the length of the heading characters as well.

*******************************

> Proceed to change the Python Exe file location in  :code:`Defaults>Default File Locations` . This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python EXE file in  :code:`Defaults>Default File Locations`
```
Is Defaults>Default File Locations part of the UI? If so, it should be formatted in bold font rather than as code.

> should point to  :code:`pythonw.exe`  file under  :code:`Scripts`  folder of the virtual environment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should point to the :code:`pythonw.exe` file under the :code:`Scripts` folder of the virtual environment:
```
Do you mean "in the ``Scripts`` folder rather than under it?

> as shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> .. figure:: ../images/change_python_location.PNG

Reviewer: In the .vale.ini file, tell Vale to ignore roles to get rid of these errors:

```
# Apply the following styles
BasedOnStyles = Vale, Google

TokenIgnores = (:(func|class|meth|attr|py):`(?:.|\n)*?`)|(<.*>)
```

    :width: 500pt

> The new python file path will be updated accordingly and python version will be recognized by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Python file path is updated accordingly, and Python version is recognized by the 
```
use present tense

Change the Python EXE file path in the Motor-CAD UI
*******************************

> Proceed to change the Python EXE file path in **Defaults>Default File Locations**. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to change the path to the Python EXE file in **Defaults > Default File Locations**. This
```

> Proceed to change the Python Exe file path in **Defaults>Default File Locations**. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to change the path for the Python EXE file in **Defaults > Default File Locations**. This
```
